hello gorgeous so I'm still here in Ohio
my mom's house the red kitchen but I
just wanted to do a quick alter hall for
you guys I mean this is really mini mini
alcohol because I ran there today I
posted on Instagram when I was running
in and what should I get and I everybody
keeps asking for more halls so I just
thought I'd do it for you really quick
the first thing I picked up everything I
got was next big surprise right is the
NYX natural eye shadow palette and it
looks like this i wish so much they had
names on these colors link doin that
drives me crazy but i actually used this
for my eyeshadow and i used the nude
color for all over and I used the
shimmery color for my brow bone so those
are the two colors i used in that
palette today these are really pretty
and the consistency is very creamy for a
dry shadow and i really like them i
think they're really good quality the
other thing I got by the way right now
at Ulta the Holtby out all next products
or buy one get one fifty percent off so
I was like really excited about that the
other palette I got is the dreamcatcher
palette by next it looks like this and
these are gorgeous and this is actually
what I also use on my eyes i dinna mix
of the natural and then this i use a
little bit of the cream a little bit of
the gold a little bit of this these to
toby's and a little bit of this color
under my eyes to get the look that I
have today it's kind of a natural look
or more natural with them what i
typically go for but i really think
these colors are great and I'm really
pretty and there well pigmented and like
I said they're really creamy they're
good quality so it's just um another
product i picked up is on the Knicks it
is the baked blush eliminate illuminator
and bronzer and it looks like this and I
got it in for play and I'm wearing it
right now and it's really really really
pretty really pretty i really like this
it's similar to the Milani baked blush
is which are also kind of a Duke for the
NARS orgasm blush which everybody knows
this is really gorgeous definitely got a
really preaching shimmer to it the
reason that I went to Alta today is
because I'm tip right now it's friday
and tomorrow which is saturday i'm going
to be doing a bridal makeup for my
girlfriend Pam who's getting married
which I posted i'm sure my layout the
other day when i was doing her trial and
the lipstick that we went with for her
was a knicks lipstick and it's in
strawberry milk it looks like this and
this is the lipstick that she's going to
be wearing on her wedding day and that's
why I went to ulta was to pick this up
the free gift today at Alta is a sample
of the benefit poor professional and
I've had so many people talked about
this before so I'm excited to give this
a try have not tried it yet so just FYI
that's a sample right now and then while
I was there the other thing I went was
to find lashes for her tomorrow because
in the trial I used the RDL 117 and also
was sold out of them so I went over to
Sally's and I was so stoked because
Daly's is having buy one get one free
lashes on ardell everything and that's
really great because they're 499 each so
you're essentially getting them for 250
each so it picked up to 17 teens that's
what that looks like she they're really
really good lashes for a bridal because
they're not super thick and they kind
they could still look pretty natural and
then it also picked up to 118 s because
I've not team needs before or I've not
noticed them before I should say and
they're really pretty because they have
that very cat eye look where they get
longer on the eggs but they're very very
long they're actually longer than the 17
teens it looks like but they're really
pretty so I'm excited to try these out
so there you go that is my haul it will
just like super mini I'm just a few
products but I just wanted to get up a
quick video for you guys at while I'm
here because I'm not able to do blonde
tutorials like I normally can or or
whatever you want to call it but up yeah
so I hope you liked it and if you guys
have any requests for any tutorials
first impressions reviews any of those
things make sure to leave it for me in
the comments section below and thanks so
much for watching today guys I love you
all and don't forget to follow me on
Angela well first of all don't forget
check out my blog Angela lanter calm it
was asked me all the time in my comments
for length I link up every single thing
I talked about on my blog so make sure
you check it out there and don't forget
to follow me on Twitter Facebook
Pinterest Instagram I'm on tumblr I'm
everywhere so don't forget to follow me
guys all the links are on my blog Angela
lantern calm thanks so much for watching
today guys hoorah
you